e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Runtime\Context\adap.a+
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\box.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\boxmatrix.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\boxvector.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\float.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\floatmatrix.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\floatvector.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\null.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\nullmatrix.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\nullvector.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\number.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\numbermatrix.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\numbervector.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\strand.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\string.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\stringmatrix.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\symbol.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\symbolmatrix.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Dlr\Function\ADAP\Expected\symbolvector.dat
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\AplusCoreUnitTests.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\AplusCoreUnitTests.pdb
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Utility.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\AplusCore.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Debugging.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\StringTemplate.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\AplusCore.pdb
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.xml
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Utility.xml
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\AplusCore_Accessor.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\bin\Debug\AplusCore_Accessor.pdb
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\obj\Debug\AplusCoreUnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\obj\Debug\AplusCoreUnitTests.dll
e:\Private\Egyetem\Msc\4-félév\Tesztelési Módszerek\kotprog\aplusdotnet\src\Aplus\AplusCoreUnitTests\obj\Debug\AplusCoreUnitTests.pdb
